Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Presented by KC Ventures Co.. Ltd.
BY4M STUDIO. Co.. Ltd.
In association with SOLAIRE PARTNERS LLC
FINECUT Co.. Ltd.
A FINECUT Co.. Ltd. Production
a K Wave Media Ltd. Co-production
executive producers
KIM Seung-hyun YOO Kwi-sun JEONG Yoon-joong
co-executive producers
CHOI Pyung-ho SUH Young-joo
heads of investment
LEE Jung-suk HAN Sang-il JEONG Jae-hun
produced by SUH Young-joo
Hello?
NOISE
Current Noise Level
Answer your phone! Your phone!
Lips! Show me your lips!
Check your phone!
Phone?
Missed Calls
We Can’t Die Inside
Collapsing Apartment!
This is Det. Kim from Northern Police.
Is your sister Ms. Seo Ju-hee?
Her company reported her missing
because they weren’t
able to reach her in 4 days.
When was the last
time you talked to her?
We haven’t been in touch
since I live at my work dormitory.
I’ll check and let you know.
Sure. please check and get back to me.
I implore you. please be
quiet. Can't live like this.
Call Log - Ju-hee
The phone you’re dialing is
turned off. leave a message…
Just stop it!
I’m not going to let it slip this time.
Seo Ju-hee. Stop it.
I said stop!
Did you not hear it? They’re
stomping around now!
It’s gotta be on purpose!
Yes. it’s on purpose.
I’m going to get some
evidence this time.
What evidence?
Shush.
LI. STEN.
Did you hear that?
You heard that. right?
This apartment is weird!
Stop it!
Seo Ju-hee!
I can’t hear anything. please stop!
This is our home now.
adopt and accept it.
Don’t cause a scene.
You didn’t hear it
or refuse to hear it?
She’s not home. and
won’t answer my calls.
She’s not someone who’d just disappear.
Sure.
Could I talk to someone
who was close to her?
So. even you don’t know
where she could be?
No.
What was she like recently?
She asked me if I heard weird sounds
whenever we chatted on the phone.
Weird sounds?
Yes. but I didn’t hear anything.
If you remember anything.
please give me a call.
Okay. I will.
Thank you.
Eh?
Where did she go without her phone?
Who is it?
Could you open the door?
Who are you?
So you are her sister.
- Do you know my sister?
- Hello. I live downstairs.
could you be quiet in the evening?
Are you the one who put
the note on my door?
No one was home for the past few days.
- So. the noises you heard…
- Please do me a favor. okay?
Before I rip your mouth out.
Residence ID: Seo Ju-hee
She complained about the noise.
and disappeared a few days ago?
Well. I haven’t seen her in a while…
The man downstairs looked
about to kill me over the noise.
You really don’t know anything?
Your sister was adamant about…
finding the source of the noise.
and ran around the apartment.
I understood her pain. but
it’s impossible to locate.
Anyone can say it wasn’t them.
Because it’s happening in unit 604.
everyone’s being extra cautious.
604? What’s wrong with my home?
A few months ago…
Sir. could you tell me
about the basement?
- Oh my…
- Gosh.
This…
I always wondered
where the stench came from.
What are all these?
Unauthorized garbage
accumulated for the past 10 years.
I locked the door so that
no one could do it anymore.
but they’d do it through the
window. they got no conscience.
So. you didn’t do anything?
No one here has a nose?
Why didn’t you file a report
at the district office?!
You think we want to
let these sit here?
Gosh. chairwoman.
They refuse to clean up private
property with taxpayer money.
and the cleanup is estimated to
cost tens of thousands of dollars!
So. do we just live on
top of this trash pile?
You have no right to complain.
Who do you think did that?
Would homeowners do this?
It was renters like you!
Because it’s not your home.
Excuse me.
I moved here only a week ago.
why shouldn’t I complain?
And did you confirm
that renters did this
by catching them in the act?
Isn’t it obvious?
Jesus Christ…
Rather than owning a home
in this rundown shithole.
better off renting.
Christ!
- Mister!
- Yes?
Lock it up. please.
- Sir?
- Yes?
What we were talking about earlier.
what happened in unit 604?
Well…
- Get a move on!
- Yes!
Here I come. chairwoman!
You want to take more days off?
Ju-young. how many years
have we worked together?
How could you screw me like this?
Something happened to my sister.
I hired you despite your deafness.
and got you a dorm as you
felt uneasy living with her.
Speech recognition mode…
Don’t even feel bad?
You can’t just demand it like that…
You know how things are here.
even one person off the line
can cause a devastating delay.
Your noise is causing me
much pain. do I sound like joke?
Happy birthday. Ju-young
How to use Hearing Aid
It’s so awkward to record like
this. but happy birthday. sister!
I was going to write a letter.
but this new hearing aid can
record and play music via Bluetooth.
I know you haven’t replaced
your hearing aid in so long.
I worked hard to save up for you.
I made your favorite dish. I guess
you’re home for your birthday.
Ju-young.
Don’t hate me so much.
When you’re listening to
this. we’d be face-to-face.
it’d be extra awkward.
Happy Birthday! 10.10
The phone you’re dialing is
turned off. please leave a message…
Ju-hee’s last caller
Please give me a call.
Record noise!
Gather evidence
All Recordings
Bluetooth Pairing Request
Recording 001
Recording 033
…where is it coming from…
…how is that sound possible…
Shut the hell up. assholes!
Be quiet or I’ll kill you!
Be quiet. be quiet!
Hear that?
Who is it?
Who’s there?
Ju-young. it’s me.
open the door. hurry.
Ju-hee?
Ju-young. it’s me.
open the door. hurry.
Did you forget the passcode?
Ju-hee.
What’s wrong?
You’re…
not Ju-hee. right?
A person went missing.
and her sister is unreachable.
- Not even worried as her neighbor?
- I’ll poke your eyes out!
Can’t you be a little understanding?
Shouldn’t you piss off
if she doesn’t answer?
Why are you banging on that damn door?
If knocking on this door is that noisy.
isn’t it your ears that have a problem?
Whether I knock on the door
or ring the bell. why do you care?
Can you shut your ears?
It’s wide open like this! Look!
You’re about ready to swing.
You were home?
You were. were you?
What’s going on?
He’s been knocking around.
and causing ruckus here.
Where the hell have you been?
Are you deaf or something?
Just shut the hell up!
I’m really sorry.
No. not at all.
As her sister. I didn’t
know she had a boyfriend.
We haven’t dated long.
please don’t feel bad.
but it has been tough recently.
She stopped answering my calls.
I thought she was ghosting me.
But she didn’t answer company calls.
and with you visiting the office.
I wasn’t sure what’s happening with…
Ju-hee’s last caller
Hello?
Why are you so curious
that you asked for a callback?
I’m sorry. but who is this?
She called out of the blue.
and asked about her unit.
What did she ask?
She asked if…
The thing is…
She asked if a person died there.
I’m not sure if she
can feel the spirits.
or if there really is a ghost.
She’ll eventually
find out. so I told her.
- A few months ago…
- In my home?
A lady who lived in unit 604
had an unfortunate incident.
She would always complain
that she heard noises.
Then she said she saw
a ghost in the building.
I don’t think she was sane.
Then one day. we didn’t
hear anything from her.
I thought I could
finally get some peace.
but we smelled a bad
stench. it was rotting stench.
No way…
She…
hung herself.
Where in my home?
Gosh…
I’ll kill you. Stop moaning.
I can hear you piss…
It has to be the man from unit 504.
I told him it wasn’t my home.
He seems a bit off.
should I talk to him?
No. please don’t.
Looking for My Sister
May I use the washroom…
Ki-hoon!
Please walk softly.
Right. I’m sorry.
Yes. I unlocked her phone.
There isn’t anything special.
Must a person die
before you investigate?
You know that’s not what I’m saying.
The man in unit 504 is suspicious.
He’s been posting threatening notes on
my door. knowing that I’m her sister.
He said he’d rip my mouth out.
Did you see him posting them yourself?
We questioned them and
checked the security cams.
Security cams?
Then did you see her leave?
It’s an old apartment. so.
there’s only one at the entrance.
She wasn’t in it. or on
the roadside cams nearby.
she wasn’t captured on the
day of her disappearance.
She left her wallet and cell phone too.
There aren’t any traces of
her leaving the apartment.
She could have used another exit!
All the more reasons
to look into unit 504!
Shall I?
“Did you write threatening
notes?” Should I ask him that?
That’s not what I meant!
I understand what you’re going through.
But you can’t demand
things beyond logic.
Looking for My Sister
Thank you for today.
Not at all.
He’s the unit 504 tenant.
I’ll talk to him.
What is it this late?
You’re being rude.
Two people.
I’ll say this for the final time.
please be quiet at
night. I’m begging you.
So? How was he?
Weird. right?
Don’t ever open the door next time.
I think he was hiding
something in his hand.
What are you doing?
Is something there?
Kiddo. are you okay?
What are you doing there?
I’m sorry. I didn’t
mean to startle you.
If any of my family
disappeared. I’d post flyers too.
but the resident association’s
chairwoman will not stay put.
There’s a rally for reconstruction
resolution in 2 days.
What’s that got to do
with finding my sister?
Well…
Ms. Seo.
would you live in a place where
people died or went missing?
It’d be tough to get approval
for reconstruction with rumors.
Even if new apartments are built.
it’ll be a failure if no
one pre-buys them.
It’s no wonder she’ll
stop you at all costs.
When your sister caused a scene
looking for the source of noise.
they got into fights.
Be careful.
If the reconstruction
proposal is rejected.
someone could end up dead.
Ju-young…
I finally see you back home.
Ju-hee…
Are you okay? What happened?
Stop it. you’re not even
remotely interested in me.
You’re wondering why the
girl you hate came back. right?
I actually really missed you.
and I was so scared.
Ju-hee.
Ju-hee!
Wait. no!
No… Please…
Speech recognition mode…
and aghjy… blood khujr…
deathbranch wkjfj…
insidethathom eofr woikgl
aoiikf lkdowoigj akjfl…
Quiet. quiet. quiet. quiet!
Please shut the hell up!
Be quiet… please.
Please be quiet. I
asked you many times.
Please be quiet. okay?!
Sons of bitches…
Why’re you doing this to me?!
Who’s there?
Who is it?!
I can’t live like this.
Why would a resident from
the 5th floor jump out of 7th?
You can’t go in there.
Ms. Seo?
Are you okay?
Detective. that’s him. Unit 504.
He’s the one who threatened me.
Ju-hee could be in his
home. we must look for her!
Are you inside the unit 504?
Find anyone inside?
No one. sir.
Copy.
It could be a simple accident.
We can’t make any
conclusions right now. so…
Does that look like an accident?
I understand you’re having a hard time.
but you can’t make false
accusations based on suspicion.
that’s not how this works.
I heard her calling for me
through the sewage pipe!
Look at her talking crazy.
What did you say?
Hearing voices through pipes?
That doesn’t sound crazy to you?
Kidnapping?
604. are you desperate
to screw everyone over?
Why are you so hell-bent
on getting in everyone’s way?
You’re the one who
shouldn’t get in my way.
It’s not like you’ll help.
- Look at this girl talk back!
- She must be crazy.
Maybe unit 604 is really cursed.
Everyone who lived there are all weird.
I know!
The man from before. and
the crazy bitch upstairs…
This girl and her sister…
The man and the crazy bitch?
Who are you talking about?!
Did something else happen in my unit?
If you stir up trouble
again. I won’t let it slide.
Got that?
Who is it?
I’m from unit 604. could I
speak to you for a moment?
Make yourself at home.
Thank you.
It’s my daughter.
Sorry for poking around.
She’s adorable.
What did you want to talk about?
The chairwoman…
Shh. she lives next door.
You have to be careful.
everyone can hear each other.
She mentioned 'a man in unit 604
and a crazy bitch'.
I guess they’re previous tenants.
do you know who they are?
Resident Association
2022 General Assembly
The former chairwoman.
She lived in unit 704 a year ago.
How many times do I have to tell you?!
Didn’t I tell you to be careful?!
If you continue to be noisy.
I’ll make sure that you won’t
be able to renew your lease!
I’m sorry…
She was so sensitive to noise.
and came up frequently
to complain about my child’s footsteps.
Shut the hell up!
You’re driving me crazy!
It’s not my fault. I was quiet.
I’ll shut you up…
It’s noisy for you too. right?
I told you I won’t stay put…
Shut up!
Who the hell are you?!
Too loud!
Keep quiet. I said!
He lived below her unit.
and suffered from the noise.
and killed her for it.
- Please be quiet!
- Goddammit!
She tapped the wall and
floor until she died for help.
but residents ignored it.
thinking it was just a noise.
All the residents agreed
to keep silent about it.
fearing it would affect the
reconstruction approval.
What happened to him?
He disappeared.
No one could find him afterward.
So. he’s still not caught?
Ju-young. that unit 504 man.
why do you think he died?
Someone said they saw the
killer around the apartment.
while others said he could’ve
been killed by another tenant.
This place is like a
spider web of grudges.
So. who lives above me in unit 704?
It’s noisy every night
with strange noises.
Unit 704 is vacant right now.
Vacant?
Ki-hoon.
I heard there was a murder in
unit 704. could you look into it?
Seo Ju-young
Residents of Samil Apartments.
it’s truly unfortunate!
With poor materials.
creaking facilities.
we’re slowly withering away
enduring daily noise between floors.
We’ve done nothing wrong!
Due to this aging and
ailing apartment facility.
Mr. Park Geun-bae from unit 504
in Building 5 has passed away.
This isn’t an accident. it’s murder
by the city. ignoring reconstruction!
Everything happening right now
is so tragic and heartbreaking.
Especially at times like this.
we need to unite even more!
Unite with one goal!
What is she doing?!
What’s wrong with her?!
You’re not feeling anything
about my missing sister?
You all know she disappeared!
Are you out of your mind?
This is an important rally!
Wanna see what crazy looks like?
Screw your reconstruction.
should I let the world know
how people have been dying?
Did you really go mad?!
You’ve gone crazy
over the reconstruction.
you don’t even care if
people die or disappear!
My sister!
I’m sure that killer took her!
She is somewhere inside this apartment!
I heard her voice!
Ju-young!
- Please calm down!
- Let go of me!
What’s with you?
Please calm down!
No! Let go!
Calm down. Ju-young!
One moment. please.
Let’s go. Ju-young.
The killer that you
mentioned yesterday.
he could still be inside the apartment.
I looked into the unit 704 murder.
they issued a search warrant
but still couldn’t find him.
The security cams were installed
in front of the elevator and entrance.
This is the last time he was captured.
Murder Suspect Wanted
He was never captured on
outside security cams.
It means he disappeared within
the confines of this apartment.
No traces of leaving the apartment.
just like Ju-hee.
What if there is a space
here that we haven’t searched.
and tucked away from people…
You’ll go inside now? We
should inform the police…
You heard our phone conversation.
Even though I get death threats.
even I heard her voice
through the pipes.
they have nothing to investigate.
Look.
No one gives a damn.
I’m the only one
who can find her.
Look. Ju-young.
There’s a door here too.
There are two paths.
I think we should split up.
We need to hurry. it’ll be night soon.
Dad – Lil Sis – Big Sis – Mom
It’s your fault!
Where am I…
Shit!
Murder Suspect Wanted
Ki-hoon?
Ki-hoon!
I think there’s more space over here.
I think we should take a look inside.
Everyone’s noisy. except me.
Ki-hoon. what’re you doing?
It’s not my fault. I was quiet.
I’ll shut you up…
Ki-hoon?
Ki-hoon!
What’s wrong?
Ju-young! Ju-young!
Hey there. are you alone here?
Can you hear me?
Do you hear me?
Congenital hearing loss.
The hearing aid must be
uncomfy. he’d take them off.
Yeon-woo. where did you
hide the hearing aid?
Honey. the hearing aid.
Excuse me…
What happened?
You were babbling on about
finding someone in the basement.
so I called the police.
and they’re searching it.
Get some rest. your
body must be in shock.
But why on earth were you in there?
Thank god I was there to save you.
Thank you.
The only kids I saw here are
your boy and unit 804’s daughter.
804 said she has a daughter?
Yes. why?
Her daughter died on the spot
when a delivery van hit her.
A few years ago.
That lunatic. she’s still at it…
Where is it? Why does he
keep taking the hearing aid off?
It’s because you heard something
you shouldn’t have.
If you hear it more…
you’ll die.
Did you also hear
something in the basement?
I’m looking for someone.
Don’t go there.
Det. Kim
Ki-hoon… Let me through…
- Ki-hoon…
- You can’t go in there!
Let me!
This camcorder can save files
to a phone via Wi-Fi or Bluetooth.
Though the camcorder is damaged.
the phone is unlocked.
so we can check the saved videos.
despite some corrupted footage.
Ms. Seo.
So. the two of you went to the
basement to look for your sister.
and got split up. and
someone started chasing you?
And you don’t remember
anything afterward?
Yes.
Which means. someone else was there.
There was a steel door inside.
and another space beyond that.
I need to check that space out…
Ms. Seo. there is no steel door.
We went there and checked every corner.
I am telling you I saw it.
If I don’t go and find Ju-hee…
You saw what happened.
stop saying irresponsible things!
You may end up on the
suspect list if you keep this up!
You said you live…
It’s your fault.
Where is it?!
I’m gonna record evidence
this time for sure.
Is it here?
What are all these?
Don’t worry.
No one will hurt you or mommy now.
Mommy will live here forever with you.
Hm?
What is it?
The lady next door keeps bothering you?
It’s okay.
I can kill her
like the lady downstairs.
Did you hear what I said?
What were you doing alone?
You did more than just listen.
Ju-young…
Ju-hee…
Ju-hee?
Ju-hee!
Ju-hee?!
Ju-hee! Please!
Are you okay?
It’s okay. everything’s okay.
Let’s get out of here.
Let’s go.
Found you.
Ju-young?
Ju-young!
Open this door.
Hide in here.
I’ll lure her deeper inside.
so escape through that door.
Open this door!
It’s dangerous here.
you have to get out.
That woman was still alive. wasn’t she?
I heard what you said at home.
I destroyed this. how
did you watch that?
You said she tapped the wall for help.
you saw that with your eyes.
That’s how you know.
She kept…
trying to separate me and my daughter.
I really had no choice.
I couldn’t let her live.
Are you insane? Your daughter is dead.
Who said my daughter’s dead?
You saw her when you came to my home.
You’re just like me.
Speech recognition mode…
hahahahahahahaha
Because of people complained
about running at home.
I let Ye-na play outside…
I should’ve protected her.
when she went outside…
she was run over by a truck.
It’s all your fault.
She died because of the
noise made by all of you!
Why. what did I do wrong?
Why did that bitch and
your sister mess with us?
Crazy bastards…
I’m sorry!
I didn’t want to kill them!
What are you saying?
My sister is alive.
What’s with you?
Help me. please!
Help!
Please help!
Ju-hee…
Ju-hee?
Don’t listen.
It’s nothing at all. it’s okay.
Please…
Help…
Good afternoon.
I moved in above you a few days ago.
Hello there.
Do you live alone?
With my sister.
Please enjoy these.
I’ll be a good neighbor
I’ll try to be quiet
as much as possible.
but if you hear any noise.
feel free to let me know.
I think the unit above me
was really noisy at night.
I don’t know how people
can be so noisy day and…
Shh…
You have to be careful.
everyone can hear each other.
Written and directed by KIM Soo-jin
LEE Sun-bin
JUN Ik-ryoung KIM Min-seok
HAN Su-a RYU Kyung-soo BACK Joo-hee
associate producer CHOI Jin
script LEE Je-hwi KIM Yong-hwan KIM Soo-jin
adaptation GWEON Sung-hui SEO You-min
cinematography JUN Hong-kyu (C.G.K)
lighting SHIN Tae-seob (unplugged)
location mixing LEE Si-hoon
production design KO Seung-hyo (Green grape company)
props KIM Soon-geun (MAJOR TOM)
set design KIM Ki-hwan (Human story)
costume HONG Soo-hee (IAM)
make-up & hair LEE Jin-young (J美)
special make-up & special props KIM Ho-sik PARK Ying-wu (TICKET BOX)
editing KIM Woo-hyun KIM Ha-na
music HEO Jun-hyeok (CEREMONY MUSIC)
sound design PARK Yong-ki PARK Jin-hong (IMS studio)
martial arts KIM Tae-kang (Triple-A)
special effects HONG Jang-pyo (EFFECT STORM)
visual effects KIM Kwang-uk Daniel SON (WESTWORLD)
digital intermediate KIM Won-hak (WESTWORLD MAGIC)
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-